what we're excited about today is our CX
tube and we're going to show you how
this CX tube and energizes water and
what we're gonna do is just do a few tip
over test to demonstrate that so we're
going to start this is Jake and Jake is
going to participate in this tip over
test put your feet together just like
that what you wanna do is just make a
fist with his hand lock your arm any
problems your shoulder okay and so what
I'm gonna do is he's gonna push down
into my hand I'm gonna push up okay okay
so now what we're going to do is we've
got our CX tube and right right around
the bottled water and he's gonna drink
this and this is going to energize the
water and also stimulate the cells in
his body so drink that yeah we're gonna
do the same to over test and somehow
effective that was wonderful take this
and put it here we're gonna do the same
test put your feet together okay and
lock the arm and on the count of three
one two three right so you much stronger
there all right so face that way we're
going to the next test put your feet
together okay and make sure you really
resist right
two three Wow that's your silver fob
yeah they're my what the
they're trying to push him down let's
pull my shoulder right out of the socket
there Jake how would you describe what
you felt uh I definitely could feel him
lifting himself completely off the
ground they're trying to push me down so
the first time I just felt like I was
going back and trying to force myself
from not bending backwards Wow really
exciting well that ends the
demonstration we're excited about this
just another testimonial another
demonstration that we've shown that our
holographic chips and our bracelet
itself stimulates the water energizes in
great deal Thanks